# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 119  Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Oct 10, 2023 at 13:00 UTC 
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/373)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/-OCoSgH1pnc)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Alen (Santhosh)

## Intro
**Pooja Ranjan**
* Welcome to Ethereum Cat Herders meeting 119. I've shared agenda in chat. This is issue number 373 at Ethereum Cat herders PM repo on agenda. Today we have a announcement for ecosystem project Demo. Ethereum network upgrade. Other protocol development research. Update about events. Fellowship and hackathon. Some initiatives started by Cat Herders and general updates. 

## 0. [Ecosystem Project Demo Announcement] - Octant (Epoch 1) on Oct 12th at 1:00 pm EST [0:37](https://youtu.be/-OCoSgH1pnc?t=37)
**Pooja Ranjan**
* So starting with the first item on the agenda, which is ecosystem project demo. Generally we try to have this demo on ECH meeting, but we got this demo plan in a very short period of time, so we decided to have it done separately. So for Octant (Epoch 1), the demo will be on October 12th at 1 p.m.. I would highly encourage people to join the call if you are interested in becoming a validator or taker at octant.
* App octant is a project by Golem, and we had one of his team member joined in earlier calls to talk about when octant was on epoch zero. Now they have a little bit different process for becoming validator and how you can stake and earn rewards with that.
* So if you are interested in learning about the process, if you have questions, please join the call on October 12th at 1 p.m. EST. We are going to share details of it on Ethereum Cat Herders General channel. 

## 1. Ethereum network upgrades[1:52](https://youtu.be/-OCoSgH1pnc?t=105)
**Pooja Ranjan**
* The next one is Ethereum network upgrade. As we all know, Ethereum is expecting Dencun  upgrade. So currently proposals. There are nine proposals. They are on Devnet. We are currently on Devnet-9 like the proposals are being tested over there. Devnet-10 is planned for this week if all the fixes are done on Devnet-9 so far. After 10, we are hoping to switch to public testnet, maybe starting with Goerli.
* We'll get to know more about it, as people may know that there is another public testnet, Holesky, which has been recently launched with about 1.4 million validated. We are hoping for Dencun  to be tested on Holesky as well. 
* On other updates on test nets. Workflows are working fine. On tablet nine and test builder Relay will be tested on Devnet ten. The team mentioned that they have deployed the MEV tool, so they are trying to test in every possible way. There was a suggestion of including the Ethereum on ARM team for testing purposes. Hopefully they will be joining with Devnet-10.
* There is Dencun  interop testing call that happens every other Monday. So. Have added the recording of the last call. Call number 32. Please take a look. And it is a very good call to get information about client readiness with respect to this upgrade. We have added all the changes included in network upgrade in Dencun Page. So at Ethereum Cat herders, we have created this page called Ethereum Cat herders.com/Dencun .
* You can find a lot of information there. Last week we received shout out from Eth Staker community from Anthony Casale and really want to thank all those people to have visited those page and leaving feedback about what we can add further. As of now, you can find all the nine proposals listed over there and you can also find about testing details like since Devnet-1 to Devnet-9. Whatever testings specs are there, we have tried to add as much as information possible.
* I have added a list of recording with the authors of proposals included in Dencun . So far we have covered eight out of nine. The last EIP-7516, which is blob base for opcode. We are hoping to have a conversation with Ansgar Dietrich and Karl Baek on October 25th. So stay tuned to get to know more about this last minute proposal added to the Dencun  upgrade. 


## 2. Other Protocol Development & Research [5:23](https://youtu.be/-OCoSgH1pnc?t=323)
**Pooja Ranjan**
* On other protocol development and research, as we know, developers are preparing in parallel, so we are hoping to have. preparation for Prague and Parallel and EOF is a set of proposal that we are expecting with Prague, and developers have decided to provide a demonstration on all core dev. Hopefully this week we will have a demonstration of where we are with respect EOF proposals and what all proposals are there, which we can expect with the Prague upgrade. 

## 3. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon [5:58](https://youtu.be/-OCoSgH1pnc?t=358)
* Moving on to the. Events, fellowship and hackathons section. Eth India is planned between 8 to 10 December. I don't know if we can perhaps do something over there, like maybe have a representation. I know there was some conversation going on, but I'm not fully aware of it. Santosh, do you have anything to add? I know Santosh wasn't available for quite some time. He was sick. But. Yeah. Just wondered. 

**Santhosh**
* I haven't discussed yet with other folks. Maybe I'll try to give you an update on the ECH ops this week. We'll finalize. What is the plan? 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* It sounds perfect to me. Next thing is connect. So we are hoping to support the ERC editor and we are hoping to support all ERC authors. So we have planned for a mini in association with the Dev Connect team. We have reserved a room for four hours where we are hoping to have a presentation, general discussion, question answer and maybe learn about some of the process changes that people are interested in to have.
* Added the link to the blog post shared on the ECH medium about the DevConnect Istanbul. Please take a look and we'll be floating a form real soon to confirm your participation, as well as if you have anything specific that you would want to learn from that event or want to have demoed, we'll be happy to organize that. 
* So check out the blog post at Ethereum Cat Herders medium. The new initiatives ecosystem project demo. This actually the last week we released the fourth. Was that the fourth? I'm trying to find out. Yes, it was the fourth. So the fourth project demo has been. Shared, that is with Safe Tag Team. It is about how to become a validator with Safe Stake team. We are expecting another demo by the end of this week.
* And yeah, meet the hurdles I know. Educator. He is on vacation this week, but he has already recorded two episodes of it. And as we mentioned in the last meeting, that we are hoping to have it released in three different forms video, podcast as well as medium blog post. So we are hoping to have this release going out one by one in upcoming weeks, so stay tuned to learn about the hurdles.
* This is an interesting interview series with all the Ethereum cat herders who are currently active, and some of them who are not very active, but kind of pioneers of this group. 
* I hope the series inspire more people to join the Ethereum cat herders community. Okay. On. The next one is about a video series. I don't see the call here, so we can perhaps skip this. And if people have any new ideas for community engagement, please feel free to share here or maybe in the discord channel with us. 

## 5. General updates/discussion [9:44](https://youtu.be/-OCoSgH1pnc?t=584)
**Pooja Ranjan**
* Moving on to general updates. We have added stats to Twitter. Discord, YouTube and LinkedIn have also added the link. If you haven't been following us. Please start following us. You will find a lot of information on Ethereum protocol development going out. It will be really helpful to keep you up to date with respect to Ethereum updates. On engineering. I see George on the call.
* So yesterday we were discussing about Learn to Earn. Dencun  Page George, if you would like to maybe talk about. Engineering section, the L2 page and the websites. 

**George**
* Yeah, sure. So since last meeting, there was a couple PRs made. one of them was we added Google Analytics, to the website. So now we can actually track some of the traffic coming in. The other update is that we also created a new page called PEEPnEIP People on the website can share the link of the page right now in the chat. and this is based on a Figma design. I can't recall who made the design, but it's really good. and yeah, credit to the designer.

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Sorry. Yeah. That's great. Thank you so much, George, for finishing up this page. I think this would be a good place holder on our website to maybe, you know, share all information about PEEPnEIP. I know this series has been really appreciated by Ethereum developers, so I hope people will be able to find it easier than earlier. Although it is also available at Eth Cat Herders channel, on YouTube and also at the podcast Ethereum Cat podcast. a few more updates on that side.
* I think we would be coming up with the public testnet page. As well. 
* Right. So we are hoping to come in, come up with a public test net page that will include the information of active test nets. Right now we have three goerli, holesky and capella. Although holesky is not really ready for a dapp developer at this time, hoping to be ready soon. But in the meantime, people can make use of the information made available for goerli and capella. We are trying to ad also the explorer any related information available on the internet.
* We will try to add it over there so people can get information about Ethereum public test nets. And we will also try to add the list of all deprecated test nets. 
* So try to collect a history of Ethereum test nets over there. If there is any suggestion thoughts, please feel free to add. There is an issue created on ECH Website GitHub page. If you have anything to add, please feel free to add it over there. On loan to one side we are hoping to create like this shot window. NFT program. Like people can learn about the upgrade, they can answer a few questions.
* And when an NFT for that upgrade, we are opening bounties to bounties, one per NFT designing another one is to create questions for this L2. This could be around 20 to 25. Question. We are hoping, because we hope to have it shuffled every time someone is trying to get that if in one go they cannot finish it, then there should be new set of questions coming up. We are trying to have all the information made available via PEEPnEIP, so people can follow the tips beforehand, and then try to take these questions.
* These are simple. We are just trying to share what Dencun  Upgrade will bring to the Ethereum community. 
* So if you are a designer and if you are interested in documenting question for this L2 platform, please reach out to us on Ethereum cat herders discord. All right. 
* Next is ECH operations, YouTube shorts. We have been adding shorts. And your different clubs. I don't think it is public right now, but hopefully it will be today or tomorrow. We have received quite a few appreciation from PEEPnEIP from developers, so we are trying to create a clip of that and share it with the community. Hope that people can understand the value of the series and they also follow because this has been like super helpful for community developers, the Ethereum client developer.
* So I'm sure people who are willing to be a client developer one day be able to follow this series and be able to learn more about what is the history of Ethereum. 
* On ECH podcast. You can find all the episodes. In the past, and we are hoping to start adding the Meet the Hurdle series as well on ECH podcast. EIPIP insight in the month of October. We have received two drafts. There are two proposals in last call, one proposal in final status and one in stagnant status. 
* So the proposal in final status EIP 7053 interoperable digital media indexing. Congratulations to the author for moving the proposal to the final status. There are two other proposals. One is ERC- 7409 public non-fungible token emote repository, and the last call end date is 18th October. The other one is 6963 multi injected provider discovery. And the last call is today that is 10th of October. So people if you have followed this proposal. And had any feedback.
* I hope you share it with authors. I can see the list contains. Quite reputed authors here. 
* It's Pedro Gomez. Kosala Hemachandra, Richard Moore I'm hoping this proposal is, like, really valuable for the community. So please take a look at this proposal and if you have any feedback, respond to the authors on. Fellowship of Ethereum magician. We would avoid having any changes going in after the proposal is moved in the last call. So this is the time you need to act fast. All right. 
* Moving on. PEEPanEIP We have released an episode on 7514 at Max epoch. Activation churn limit recorded with Draplin just this morning. This is a small sample and a precautionary that has been added to Dencun  upgrade. It may not be effective as it is, but that is something. If scenario changes it would be useful. I was really happily surprised to see that developers are. So far sighted to figure out, like if if something goes wrong, what we need to do and get that done beforehand.
* This proposal is actually not necessary for an Dencun upgrade, but that is if the market changes rapidly. Check out the recording at the PEEPanEIP playlist. You can also find it on the Dencun  playlist, which we have specially created for this upgrade. This is a small EIP added on the up side, the consensus layer of the Ethereum network upgrade. And for the rest of the talks.
* Tomorrow we are going to have a talk with the testing team. It's Paritosh. And. I think. Mario. Let me quickly confirm. I know there are. 4-people on this talk. So we are going to have a talk with Paritosh Barnabas and three Richardson. I am super excited to have a chat with Afri, because this is going to be the first time we are going to have him on the show.
* I know he is one of the initial members of Ethereum cat herders, and he has been a long time contributor to Ethereum testnet, so I'm looking forward to have this chat with him and others. 
* The the schedule is on is on October 11th at 1830 UTC. Yeah. It's surprising. I had been trying to have him for a very long time, but for some or the other reason, we could not have agreed before. But I'm super excited to have a chat with him. People can also refer to the schedule added in the link. We are also planning to have a demo setting to talk about EOF. Also mentioned about 7516 with the Ansgar and Karl. There is this proposal for EIP-4881 deposit contract snapshot interface.
* This proposal recently moved to the final status. However, this may or may not be in active use right now because of the actively changing protocol. There is an alternative that is being currently used by a beacon chain client team.
* But this is kind of interesting proposal and we would love to hear from the author itself. We have planned the meeting on November 2nd at 1830 UTC. Highly recommend checking out this scheduled talks on different EIP and plan for network upgrade. Moving on to the next section, which is funding. Okay. For Octant Epoch one, we have. Added. For octant 21. Ideally, we are eligible for it. We have. Uh, done. Basic need, basic requirement. But there is something that came to my attention this morning.
* We are supposed to add additional information at a place where we would be eligible for epoch two as well. So hope to have a conversation with CZ this afternoon and get that settled. So we would be ready for the Grant round starting from the next week.
* For drips. CZ has applied for the grant round. This time we are using a different wallet, but they had some different requirements, so we haven't used the public wallet. Although the information can be found in the Ethereum Cat herders GitHub repository. We have added a funding file over there as per their initial requirement. 
* We have been recently approached by Opg's team and we are hoping to participate in this grant round as well, and will be meeting this afternoon to maybe talk about how to finish up the application of it as soon as possible. The deadline for this is October 23rd. We could not participate and they have started the funding round. We hope to participate in the next public good funding round as and when it starts.
* I also would like to mention that in the multisig channel we had this discussion that from the past gitcoin round, we received certain funds in the optimism network instead of the Ethereum main net as we applied on the optimism side of it. So just wanted to let people know that multisig thing, that it would be good to keep the funds over there.
* So perhaps we can provide this opportunity to the contributors if they would like to request funds on instead OP instead the main net, we can perhaps do that. We don't have a ton of funds over there, but that could be a good beginning of like making use of. The optimism network here. If people have any thoughts, please feel free to share. And talking about that, I am curious is it okay OPRPGF to have being you know Applied on a network OP? Or do we think that we should go ahead with the main net?

**William Schwab**
* I mean, I've already weighed in. I think it's good keeping it on. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Yeah. Sounds good. All right. So we'll go ahead and finish up this thing today. Okay. Moving on. We have meeting notes. I see the notes have been up for ACE171 and editing office our meeting agenda. Okay, we do not have it for EIPIP meeting 91, but saw some conversation going on on the notes channel. I hope the notes will be up soon. 
* All right, that brings us to the end of the meeting. Anyone has any other thing to add? Share. Very well. I'm curious. Anyone from the team, are they planning to go to Istanbul for Dev connect here? Nope. 
* So we are trying to organize one event with Ethereum cat herders over there. Anyone else? going to Istanbul? Please let us know. We'll try to, you know, kind of share more information about Ethereum cat herders with help of yours.
* And similarly not only for Dev Connect for any other event. I know India is coming up, and if there are any other major events where people are hoping to kind of join and talk about Ethereum cat herders, that would be really nice to have. And I think that concludes to everything listed on the agenda today for the next meeting. It would be really nice to have a project plan in advance so we can make the announcement, and we can have the demo organized on the Ethereum cat herders call itself. 

**Santhosh**
* Yeah, I'll take care of it. 

**Pooja Ranjan**
* Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. And thank you all for joining us today. Hope to see you around. Have a good one, everyone. 

----
##  Attendee
* Pooja Ranjan 
* William Schwab
* George
* Santhosh


